LangChain Release 1.0.1 (#8)
tinyfish-io/agentql-integrations: langchain/examples/price_deal_finder/README.md

# Price Deal Finder

> This agent navigates to an Amazon URL that displays iPad case search results, finds an iPad case that's under $25 with at least a 4.5/5 star average review, and scrapes for information about that product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This agent navigates to an Amazon URL that displays iPad case search results, finds an iPad case that's under $25 with at least a 4.5/5 star average review, and extracts data from the web page about that product.
```

## Run the script

- Install LangChain and LangGraph to build the agent:

```
pip install langchain langgraph
```

- Install OpenAI as the language model used for this script:

```
pip install -qU "langchain[openai]"
```

- Install AgentQL's tools:

```
pip install -U langchain-agentql
```

- Configure the `AGENTQL_API_KEY` environment variable. You can get your API key [here](https://dev.agentql.com/api-keys)

```
export AGENTQL_API_KEY=<YOUR_AGENTQL_API_KEY>
```

- Run the following command from the project's folder:

```bash
python3 price_deal_finder.py
```

## Learn more

> - Learn more about AgentQL's <a href="https://python.langchain.com/docs/integrations/providers/agentql/" target="_blank">ExtractWebDataTool</a> and the <a href="https://python.langchain.com/docs/integrations/tools/playwright/" target="_blank">Playwright tools</a> used in this script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Learn more about AgentQL's <a href="https://python.langchain.com/docs/integrations/providers/agentql/" target="_blank">ExtractWebDataTool</a> and the <a href="https://python.langchain.com/docs/integrations/tools/playwright/" target="_blank">Playwright tools</a> used in this script.
```
